     The Last Lecture video with Randy Pausch is an excellent example of mindset and how a positive mindset could influence your life. Randy's tumor diagnosis gave him three to six months to live, and he chose to have a positive outlook on life and live out his days with positivity. His mindset made me wonder about some of the aspects of my life where I've been negative and how that affects people around me. My decisions, my actions, etcetera. If I was negative most of the time, the outcome was negative.

     Randy set out to accomplish his childhood dreams and outright accomplished most of them. Some of them may not have been exactly what he had planned, but nevertheless, he accomplished what he had wanted to do, whether it be being an astronaut, playing football, or working as a Disney Imagineer. His positive mindset helped him accomplish these goals.

      In my life, I wanted to buy a Harley-Davidson when I was a young kid, and I have owned 3 in my adult life; of course, I wrecked one two years ago, which altered the course of my life, hopefully for the better. That wreck made me think about what's important to me and what I want to do with my remaining time. My wreck could have been an instant death sentence like Randy's was, but it was not. I lived through the wreck, and I'm still here, which is what led me to enroll in these classes at the University of Montana. I've been a photographer for a few years and wanted to take it to another level. I wanted to make art, but I wasn't doing that, and I wasn't doing my creative writing like I used to do. Dreams seemed to have slipped away from me, and I wasn’t sure why. I feel like my accident knocked some sense into my head, maybe? 

     So, watching Randy's story was a good video to examine someone who was given an expiration date, but he chose to remain positive, and Pausch was a good role model for people to follow. I had to look up to see if Mr. Pausch beat the odds against him and was sad to see he did not.  Pausch would not want us to dottle on his death, though, so I'm hoping that I can live with the same positivity Randy Pauch did in his final months on this earth.
